docs(app-of-apps): argoconfigs template (#477)
adfinis-sygroup/helm-charts: docs/argocd-app-of-apps.md

depending on your exact situation, for example on Red Hat OpenShift you would typically not deploy the bundled ingress
component.

## The `argoconfig` library chart

Inspired by various `common` charts. The [`argoconfig` library chart](https://github.com/adfinis-sygroup/helm-charts/tree/master/charts/argoconfig)
helps us keep charts that manage Argo CD `Application` resources generic to some degree.

It provides the `argoconfig.application` helper function which scaffolds an `Application` resource like so:

```yaml
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: Application
# ... common.metadata
spec:
  project: "default"
  source: {}
  destination:
    server: "https://kubernetes.default.svc"
  syncPolicy: {}
```

> Our app-of-apps charts invoke the function in their individual `Application` templates:

Reviewer: After a nights sleep I'm now able to phrase what was bothering me yesterday. What I'm missing here is the information how to configure an application contained in an app-of-apps chart, e.g. how does the structure look like in `values.yaml` and what needs to be configured where.

This could possibly be a topic on top of the `argoconfig` section, because it would allow the reader to read on from a usage documentation to the exact implementation.

Do you understand what I'm aiming for?

Author: see b89b794df89b51c4c3ac0203ae45aee005aeb64c

```yaml
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: Application
# ... common.metadata
spec:
  project: "default"
  source: {}
  destination:
    server: "https://kubernetes.default.svc"
  syncPolicy: {}
```

Our app-of-apps charts invoke the function in their individual `Application` templates:

```yaml
{{ if .Values.example.enabled }}
{{ template "argoconfig.application" (list . "example-apps.example") }}
{{ end }}

{{- define "example-apps.example" -}}{{- $app := unset .Values.example "enabled" -}}{{- $name := default $app.namespace $app.name -}}
metadata:
  name: {{ template "common.fullname" . }}-{{ $name }}
spec:
  {{- if $app.project }}
  project: {{ $app.project | quote }}
  {{- end }}
  # ... more overriding, check any app-of-apps chart for an example
{{- end -}}
```

The first block in this example renders the `Application`, the second block injects a template used for rendering. The first thing that
is done in the second block is to assign everything specific to an app to `$app` so it can be referenced in the template without needing
to write out the full `.Values.example` part over and over.

> In the above example the values section would contain a minimal example section as default:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example the `values.yaml` for an app-of-apps chart would contain a minimal section for an `example` application by default:
```

```yaml
example:
  enabled: false
  name: example
  # ... more values, check any app-of-apps chart for an example

>   value: {}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  values: {}
```
